Even just a couple of years ago, someone
who was in my position could have used
some strategies that wouldn't have made
sense to most people. Strategies that
were only really possible if you already
had a large following. Those aren't the
ones that I'm going to be talking about
today. And in fact, a lot of those just
don't work anymore because Instagram and
Tik Tok and YouTube and many of these
other platforms have leveled the playing
field. Because of the Tik Tockification
of social media, the number of followers
you have matters less than ever before.
And I know that's a silly thing to say
as I'm doing an entire episode about
reaching 1 million followers, but it's
true. Having 1 million followers matters
a lot less in 2026 than it did back in
2016. Now, I still think that having
followers matters. Yes, it is still true
that if someone is a follower, they are
more likely to become a customer. They
are more likely to become a fan or a
super fan. But unlike a decade ago,
followers aren't everything. engagement,
views, likes, comments, interactions,
community, direct messages, all of these
things ultimately do matter, but at the
end of the day on social media, the
greatest predictor of someone becoming a
customer is them first and foremost
becoming a follower. So, in today's
episode, I'm going to be sharing with
you the five key things that I'm going
to be focused on to get over that 1
million follower milestone. And
hopefully, these things are going to
help you get past that 1,000, 100,000,
or even 1 million followers yourself.
Now, before we get into the five things,
I want to quickly say that another one
of my goals in 2026 is to reach over
100,000 subscribers on YouTube. And
we're getting super close already. So,
please, if you haven't already, consider
hitting that subscribe button because
here on the podcast, every single week I
release a new episode about growing on
social media, building a brand, building
a business, and making more sales
directly through your organic social
media channels. We're super close to
100K, and I can't wait. I got to come up
with some way that we're going to
celebrate that. Maybe some sort of
giveaway or something. But make sure to
hit that subscribe button. And if you
have any ideas of how you'd like to see
me celebrate, go ahead and leave it in
the comments below. But with all that
being said, let's get into the five
strategies that I'm going to be using to
grow my Instagram in 2026 to over 1
million followers. Number one is the
kinds of posts that I'm going to be
focused on. Let me even backtrack a
little bit and say that feed posts are
the only way to grow on Instagram. Yes,
you could technically make an argument
that stories could help you grow,
especially recently with the new change,
that stories can be shared from any
public profile to any other profile. But
generally speaking, feed posts, photos,
reels, and carousels are really going to
be the only way to grow on Instagram.
So, with that being said, there are
three categories or three different
types of feed posts that I'm going to be
paying the most attention to and
creating the most of in 2026 to really
accelerate my growth. The first one is
shareworthy content. And if you've been
a longtime listener of this podcast,
you've definitely heard me talk about
this one before. Shareworthy content is
king. The content, the kinds of posts
that are worthy of being sent from one
person to another are ultimately how you
grow. And not just how you grow or go
viral, not just how you get a higher
quantity, but also a higher quality of
viewers. Because the kinds of posts that
my wife is sending me, I am the ideal
target viewer of them. the kinds of
posts that you are sending your best
friend. Those are the kinds of posts
that your best friend is the ideal
target market for. It's not the
algorithm guessing that I would be
interested or that your friend would be
interested. It is you as one of their
loved ones, as someone who cares about
them knowing that they would be
interested. So, shareworthy content is
going to be one of the things that I
focus on. And like I said, I've done an
entire episode on shareworthy content in
the past. So, we will make sure to link
that up somewhere on the screen here.
But to give you a quick acronym that I
have recently come up with to help you
remember what is shareworthy.
Shareworthy posts are simple. They're
easy to understand. They're so simple
and easy to understand that a drunk
grandma could understand what your post
is about. Far too often I see people
needing to explain or wanting to give a
backstory behind what their post is or
needing to explain how their post
connects to their niche. If you have to
do any explaining that isn't obvious in
the post, then you've lost the viewer.
Even if you've explained that necessary
information in the caption, you've
probably lost the viewer and lost their
engagement. Because the reality is, most
people are not going to take the time to
do their research and read through your
caption to understand the post. If your
post doesn't make sense in and of
itself, if your real can't stand alone
and be understandable or consumable,
then it won't be consumed. The H stands
for hook. The hook is everything. The
hook is the most important part. I don't
care how valuable, educational, funny,
relatable, whatever. I don't care how
good your post is. If those first few
seconds, if those first few frames, if
the first few words out of your mouth
don't grab people's attention, then it's
all for nothing. So ultimately, when it
comes to your hooks, I generally
recommend keeping it between five and
eight words long. I generally recommend
keeping it at or below a fifth grade
reading level, which yes, goes back to
my point about simplicity. And whenever
possible, I suggest using a negative
word like don't, stop, or avoid in your
hooks. Now, of course, those three tips
mostly pertain to the actual words that
you're saying or the text on the screen.
But besides that, I also want you to pay
attention to the visual. What is on the
screen? Is there an element, a prop? Is
there something on the screen that grabs
people's attention? and relates to
whatever your post is going to be about.
If you check off all of those boxes,
your hooks will be a lot stronger. The A
stands for authentic, and authenticity
is one of those buzzwords that you hear
every social media expert talking about.
My simplistic way of achieving
authenticity on Instagram is simply
reducing the time between idea and
execution. The quicker you can get from,
oh, hey, there's this thing I want to
post about to actually posting the
thing, the more authentic it will be.
The R stands for relatability. And my
tip for relatability is that
relatability comes from specificity.
What I mean by that is the more specific
that you can get in your storytelling,
in your hook, in your text or label on
the screen, the more relatable the
scenario will be. And I know we have
this tendency as humans to kind of water
things down, make things more vanilla,
make things more easier to pallet for
everyone. But when you do that, you
become no one's favorite. You don't
connect that strongly with anyone. For
example, if I was to use the famous
Michael Jordan crying meme and add some
text on it that says me when my post
doesn't do well, it would be generally
understood by everyone. It would be
simple, and anyone could theoretically
relate to it, but because it's not
specific, no one's going to relate to it
that strongly. the post would likely
perform a lot better, get a lot more
shares, and be a lot more relatable if
instead I took that exact same Michael
Jordan crying meme and instead I said,
"Me when I spend 3 hours editing a real
and it only gets seven likes." Now, a
much smaller subset of the population
can specifically relate to that. But
because I use those specifics and those
numbers, those details in my caption or
in the text on the screen, it allows
people to connect with it that much more
and see themselves in it. So
relatability comes from specificity and
then E stands for entertaining. I see
far too many content creators and
especially I see far too many of you
business owners who are focused on
educational content. Don't get me wrong,
don't get my words twisted. You can
educate, you can teach, you can give
people advice. I mean, heck, that's what
I've been doing for the last 10 minutes.
But you have to do it in a way that is
entertaining. If you cannot entertain
while educating, well then your
education probably won't be consumed or
it at least won't be consumed as much.
So if you want to build a follower base,
if you want to build a customer base, if
you want to get more engagement and more
views, focus on entertainment rather
than value and education. And an easy
way to do that is not to take dance
classes and learn the latest
choreography. It's not to become a
clown. It's not to start, you know,
showing a little bit more skin. The
easiest way to become more entertaining
is just to put yourself in the shoes of
a stranger. If a stranger were to see
this post, would it make sense to them?
Would it be engaging to them? Would it
be captivating? Or if you struggle with
that empathy and with pretending that
you are a stranger, ask one of your
friends or family members, someone who
maybe doesn't regularly see your posts,
but you care about them and you care
about and you value their opinion. Show
them your content and ask them if this
would make sense to a stranger. Or if
that's not an option, you can also use
AI tools like chat GPT or the Brockbot
as a way to ask it if a stranger would
understand this post. The second kind of
post that I'm going to be focused on in
2026 is posts with DM automation. Posts
with DM automation are far and away the
best way to make sales on Instagram.
I've done entire episodes in the past
about DM automation, why it's so
effective, and how to set it up. But one
thing that I've done to achieve this
goal of focusing on DM automation in
2026 is I've come up with a checklist
for myself of things that I want to use
direct message automation to promote
every single week. So basically, I've
made a checklist of things that I want
to quote unquote sell or promote or
things that I want to drive people to on
a weekly basis. Because as a business
owner, we often times use checklists and
to-dos and schedules for every other
area of our business. But then when it
comes to Instagram or social media,
we're just kind of flying by the seat of
our pants and hoping things get done.
Well, I don't want to be that way
anymore. And so in 2026, I've made a
list of four things that I'm personally
going to be promoting. And I use that in
air quotes. I'll be talking about these
things. I'll be talking about the
benefits. Sometimes I'll be hard
selling, sometimes I'll be softelling,
but just four things that I generally
want to make sure that there is a post
about every single week. And maybe this
will inspire you. My four things that
I'm going to post about every week are
number one, my personal email list,
which you might not have any idea that
that even exists. I'll put a link down
to it in the show notes below, but it is
a very small, intimate personal email
list. An email list that I send to
personally. I write all the emails
myself, and I send them on a weekly
basis. I rarely, if ever, sell or
promote to this email list. But what I
do instead is every single week for this
email list, I send out what I like to
call my report. And report is an acronym
in case you haven't figured it out. I
love acronyms. And report stands for
recommending, exciting, planning,
obsessing, reeling, and treating. So
basically, I give a little detail for
each of those letters in the acronym,
and I send it out every single Friday.
If you're not already on my email list,
again, I will put the link down in the
show notes below. But that was something
that I was really bad about promoting in
2025. I think I maybe made two total
posts all year promoting my personal
email list. So, I'm going to be doing
more of that at least once a week in
2026. The second thing I'm going to be
promoting every single week is our
business email list, usually through
some sort of freebie or premium or
digital download. The third thing I'm
going to be promoting every single week
is our actual trial, which is another
thing I did a really bad job of
promoting in 2025. We have a $7 twoe
trial, and I almost never talk about it
on my Instagram. So, that's something
I'm going to be promoting every single
week. And then the fourth thing I'm
going to make a point of promoting on my
Instagram every single week is this my
podcast/YouTube
channel. I did a good job in the later
half of 2025 talking about this, but I
want to make sure it's something that
gets done every single week. And the
really great thing about everything I've
been talking about so far is that posts
with DM automation are oftent times the
best performing posts on business
Instagram accounts because they're posts
that get a lot of comments. And because
they get a lot of comments, they will
get more views, which leads to more
comments, which leads to more views. And
these posts can really spiral into some
of the best, highest performing content,
which will help you reach more people
and hopefully help me grow more
followers in 2026. Something that I'm
trying not to do in 2026 is to use the
term small business. Because let's be
real, there's nothing small about the
business that you are building. The
number of different hats that you have
to wear is not small. The decisions that
you have to make on a daily basis are
not small. And the impact that you're
making on yourself, your family, your
customers, and possibly the entire world
is not small either. And for so many
business owners, the number of different
platforms that you have to learn to use
is also not small. But thanks to
Shopify, it can be because Shopify is
the e-commerce platform that has all the
tools you need in one place. Because
Shopify itself used to be a quote
unquote small business. Shopify's point
of sales system is a unified command
center for your retail business. It
brings together in-person and online
operations with up to 1,00 locations,
which makes your customers lives easier
by making shopping convenient. Endless
aisle, ship to customer, buy online,
pick up in store, all made simpler so
that customers can shop the way they
want and staff has tools to close the
sale every time. But let's face it,
acquiring new customers is expensive.
With Shopify POSOS, you can keep
customers coming back with personalized
experiences and first-party data, which
gives your marketing team a competitive
edge. In fact, it's proven, and you
know, I love me some numbers. Based on a
report from EY, businesses on Shopify
POSOS see real results, like 22% better
total cost of ownership and benefits
equivalent to an 8.9% uplift in sales on
average relative to the markets that
surveyed. Get all the big stuff for your
small business right with Shopify. Sign
up for your $1 per month trial and start
selling on Shopify today at
shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
Again, that's shopify.com/tribe.
And then the third and final kind of
post that I'm going to be focused on in
2026 is carousels. Period. carousels,
educational carousels, storytelling
carousels, casual carousels, all of the
above. I think that carousels are going
to be a real power play on Instagram in
2026. According to the data from 2025,
carousels outperformed reals in many
categories, including engagement,
engagement rate, and reach to followers.
And at the same time, there are way more
reels being posted every day than
carousels. And so by posting more
carousels, I'll be able to reach more
people, get more engagement, and grow my
following. If you want to reach more
people and grow your following in 2026,
experiment with carousels. Don't just
post reels. All of that was my first key
to hitting 1 million followers in 2026.
My second key to hitting 1 million
followers in 2026 is posting five trial
reels per day. Now, just a month ago, I
uploaded an episode talking about my
strategy for posting five trial reels a
day. And I outlined the five different
kinds of trial reels that I will be
posting every day. And I said something
that was wrong. I said, "There is no way
to schedule trial reels." And I went on
this sad sobb story about how if you
want to post trial reels, you have to
post them manually and there's no way to
do it. And then a few days later, I
found out that Metricool, the tool that
I use to schedule all of my content, now
allows you to schedule trial reels,
which is so flipping cool. Thank you,
Metricool. I literally emailed their
team and I was like, "Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you." Apparently, according
to Adam Moseri, Instagram is working on
the ability to schedule trial reels in
2026. So, hopefully that is announced
sooner than later. But as we all know,
even when Instagram does announce it,
it's probably going to be glitchy. It's
probably going to have some hiccups and
it's probably not going to be available
for everyone at once. So, if you're
someone who wants to start scheduling
your trial reels right now, today, you
can do so using Metricool. I'll put the
link down to them in the show notes
below, but essentially, like I said,
Metricool is what I use to schedule all
of my posts. And now, I'm going to be
able to schedule my trial reels so much
easier. Trial reels. For those of you
who have been under a rock for the last
year, I'm just kidding. I don't mean to
offend you. For anyone who doesn't know
what a trial reel is, it's a kind of
reel that is only shown to nonfollowers.
So, your existing followers will not see
it. The benefit of that, according to
Instagram, is that you can experiment,
right? You can trial, you can test out
posts and see how strangers like it
before showing it to your actual
audience of followers. But the way us
marketers and business owners use trial
reels is as a way to reach new people. I
have a kind of post that I can now post
five of per day that will be a
guaranteed way to reach new people. Are
you kidding me? Why would I not post
five every single day? And now, thanks
to Metricool, I can schedule them, which
will make my life so much easier. And I
do want to say the reality of trial
reels is that most of them will not
perform well. When I talk about trial
reels, I will oftentime direct messages
from y'all on my Instagram saying,
"Brock, I tried your trial reel strategy
and it didn't work." And I'll say, "How
long did you try it for?" And you'll
say, "A week or two weeks." And I say,
"Well, yeah, of course it didn't work.
It was only a week or two." The reality
is most trial reels will flop. 80 90% of
them will not go viral. They will get a
100, couple hundred, maybe a couple
thousand views if you're lucky, and
that's it. But again, that's not the
point of trial reels. The point of trial
reels isn't maintaining a high average
of views. The point of trial reels is
that you're kind of like a baseball
player who cannot strike out. You can
swing at five pitches per day and no
matter how many times or how many days
in a row you swing, you will not strike
out. So, you might as well just keep
swinging and eventually you're going to
get better and eventually you will hit
the home run. So, just keep swinging.
Speaking of just keep swinging, that
brings me to my third key that I'm
focused on to hit 1 million followers in
2026, and that is posting more. I was
absolutely shocked, but I also
absolutely should not have been when I
looked back at my 2025 stats. I was
going through my growth, my total posts,
my reflections, my goals, and all that
based off 2025, and I uncovered a really
interesting statistic. In the first 6
months, the first half of 2025, I
averaged about 2.5 feed posts per day.
That does not include trial reels, and
that does not include stories, 2.5 per
day. And during those first 6 months, I
gained about 20,000 followers. In the
second 6 months of 2025, and none of
this was intentional, by the way, this
was pretty much accidental. In the
second half of 2025, I averaged four
posts per day. So, an additional one and
a half posts per day. I averaged four
per day in the second half of 2025. Any
guesses on what that did to my account?
Yeah, I grew 65,000
followers in the second half of 2025.
And arguably there was a lot more in my
favor at the beginning of 2025. The
beginning of 2025 is when I had the
Moseri interview. The beginning of 2025
is when I did my collab post with at
creators, the official Instagram account
for creators. And when at Instagram for
business, which has like 20 million
followers, posted about me multiple
times. All of that should have equated
to more followers, but it didn't. What
did equate to more followers? More
posting. For you math nerds out there,
it was 56% more posts for 220% more
followers. That's a pretty good
trade-off. So, in 2026, I have a goal
for myself of posting five times per day
to my feed. And I know that sounds
crazy. I know a lot of what I've been
saying right now sounds good on paper,
and you might be like, "Yeah, Brock,
mathematically that makes sense." Or,
"Yeah, Brock, that's fine for you. You
have a team. Like, your full-time job
can be content creation." But not for
me. And I hear you. I am never a fan of
burning the candle at each end. I am
never a fan of overworking or preaching
hustle culture. I am the self-proclaimed
president of the anti-hustle hustler
club. Like, yes, working hard is
important, and we might have seasons
where we're able to work harder or not
work as hard, but ultimately, I'm a way
bigger fan of working smarter. I'm a way
bigger fan of building systems. And so
that's one of the four things that I'm
going to be doing in order to achieve my
five feed posts per day in 2026. Number
one, building systems. Building systems
within Dropbox and Google Drive. And if
that's something that you want to hear
more about in the future, let me know
and I can do an entire episode talking
about my systems. The second strategy
that I'm going to be using to achieve my
five posts per day goal in order to
reach 1 million followers is also my
all-time favorite Instagram strategy,
and it's what I like to call upycling.
Upycling is the idea of taking a post
from 90 days ago or more and
re-uploading it. Basically, posting it a
second time. You don't need to change
the original. You don't need to edit the
caption. You don't need to add a special
hashtag. You don't need to say, "This is
a re-upload." You can just post anything
that you have previously posted a second
time. And I used to always say that you
should only re-upload your best
performing content a second time. But
now what I'm saying is that you should
re-upload everything that you post. As
long as it's still evergreen, as long as
it's still timely and relevant and makes
sense and it's accurate, post it not
just a second time, but a third time. I
believe that you need to post every post
at least three times before you can
judge whether or not it was a successful
post. Because there are just so many
factors at play. There could be
something that was totally outside of
your control that you had no idea about
that made your post perform poorly the
first or maybe even the first and second
time. And so every single post should be
posted at least thrice. The third
strategy that I'm going to be using to
achieve my five posts per day goal is
good old batching and scheduling. If you
are watching or listening to this
episode right now and you do not have at
least seven posts that are pre-made,
ready to go, you already have the
captions written, everything is ready to
go, and everything is already scheduled,
then I need you to take at least a week
or two off of posting and spend that
week or two creating as much as
possible. If the way that you're
approaching Instagram is that every
single day you wake up with a clean
slate with nothing ready to go and you
have to create, come up with the idea,
plan it, execute it, write the caption,
edit it, and post it in that same day,
or else you will not be consistent, or
else you will not post that day. Then
you're on this neverending hamster
wheel, and of course, you're going to
burn out. So instead, like I mentioned a
moment ago, take the next week or two
off of posting and spend the next week
or two batching as much as possible.
This is something that I personally
really started ramping up at the end of
2025 and it's one of these systems that
I've been putting in place. Whereas I
used to batch and schedule my content a
week or maybe two in advance, I'm now
scheduling content months in advance.
And I'm even taking content that is tied
to a specific time of year, like content
that's tied to Christmas or content
that's tied to the new year or content
that's tied to spring. And I am
scheduling it a year in advance. So, at
the time of recording this in January
2026, I could click on any random week
in this year, and I bet I would at least
have a couple of posts already scheduled
right now. And that doesn't even include
all of the posts that I'm going to batch
and schedule for that week before that
week even comes. And that just allows me
to when that week happens, I could take
the week totally off of posting and
focus on actually running the business.
or if I feel inspired, if there's an
idea, if there's a trend, if there's
breaking news, if there's something that
I want to post about that week, I can
make that post, but I'm not forced to. I
don't have to. It's all been batched and
scheduled ahead of time. Are you ready
to take your business marketing to the
next level? Meet Brevo, the all-in-one
marketing and CRM platform built to help
you connect with customers, boost
engagement, and grow your business
smarter. With Brevo, you can manage all
of your customer interactions in one
place. Nurture leads with their built-in
CRM. Reach your audience through email
and SMS and keep them coming back with
powerful automations. But here's where
it gets really exciting. Meet Aura,
Brevo's AI assistant. Aura helps you
craft smarter campaigns by suggesting
personalized content, optimizing send
times, and even analyzing performance
data to help you improve your strategy
in real time. It's like having a
marketing expert on your team 24/7. And
of course, Brevo offers advanced
analytics, seamless integrations, and
AIdriven personalization. Everything you
need to create multi-channel campaigns
that hit the mark every single time. Get
started for free today or use code tribe
50 to save 50% on starter and standard
plans for the first 3 months of the
annual subscription. Just head to
www.brevo.com/tribe
and take your marketing further with
Brevo and Aura. And then the fourth
strategy that I'm going to be using to
achieve my five posts per day goal is
I'm going to use repeatable formats.
This is something that I have done in
the past, but in all honesty, it's
something that I haven't really been
very intentional about, but repeatable
formats is a really, really great way to
create more Instagram posts without
having to work so hard or reinvent the
wheel every single time. Really, the
only repeatable format that I've been
using over the last few years
intentionally was my talking head reels
because many of them follow a similar
format uh and a similar script style,
but those are a lot of work and those
are a lot of effort. So instead, I have
come up with a list of 11 repeatable
reels or repeatable kinds of posts that
I'm going to be posting throughout 2026
that will just allow me to pump out more
content that is still highquality, but
not feel like I'm going back to the
drawing board and starting from scratch
every single time. I'm going to list off
those 11 different kinds of reels right
now. And I'll put an example on the
screen as well so that you can follow
along. I want you to either a steal some
of these ideas for yourself or b go back
through some of your content from the
past and see if there's any sort of
formats or any kinds of reels or trends
or videos that you could repeat or c the
third option would be to come up with
your own repeatable formats that you
could use. My 11 repeatable formats are
number one the award reel,
number two the every generation reel.
[music]
[bell]
[bell] Number three, Brock with a sign,
similar to dude with a sign. Number
four, clips of people interviewing me.
I've been on so many podcasts and I've
used almost zero of that content on my
own Instagram. Number five, of course,
good old memes. Number six, celebrity
quotes that are about Instagram or
social media.
>> I have to put this album out.
>> Yeah,
>> but I'm over I didn't want to be
precious. I didn't want to spend 3 years
and try to be super innovative and like
>> Number seven, lists of ideas like X
reels for July, 17 carousel ideas for
May. Okay, so now what I just heard,
blah blah blah.
>> Number eight, hook swap videos where I
use a hook swap and then I break down
why it's so effective and how people can
get their own.
>> What the heck? It says this is a hook
swap.
>> Number nine, calling Insta Club Hub
members, which is something that I did
around Black Friday in 2025, and it was
super fun and engaging and just a great
rewarding way for me to get to interact
with my customers.
>> Oh, hey. How are you? I was just calling
to see if you have posted a real today.
>> Not today. I did yesterday.
>> Okay, awesome. You did yesterday?
>> Actually, I did a trial reel.
>> You did a trial reel today. Okay. Number
10, coffee spinning with a quote. And
number 11, my daily challenge, which in
and of itself is a huge strategy. I
could have made um an entire one of my
five keys for hitting 1 million
followers, my daily challenge. I talked
about this in my predictions for 2026
video, which if you haven't already,
definitely go check that out. But I
believe that there are going to be tens
of thousands of people who blow up on
Instagram in 2026 because they are doing
some sort of daily challenge. My daily
challenge for myself was originally
going to be writing the name of every
single person who followed me. But I
quickly realized that that would just
take way too long. So instead, what I'm
doing is I'm reading the name of every
person who followed me and I'm adding a
tally to this big giant piece of paper.
Day eight of reading and tallying for
every person who followed me yesterday
until I reach 1 million followers. I'm
doing this to remind myself and you that
every single follower matters. Let's get
[music] into it. Barely a stranger.
Meerie.
Yesterday I gained 702 followers, which
means I got to write out 702 tallies and
read 702 names today. And I'm not going
to lie, I noticed quite a few repeat
names from days before. Total time 10
minutes and 53 seconds. Now, it's time
to pick today's two daily winners. One
person who followed me yesterday is
going to win a free profile review. I'm
spinning a random wheel with every
person's name on it to pick that winner.
And the winner is ClipNest 14.
Congratulations. And then the second
winner is from the list of every single
person who has ever followed me. And
they are also going to win a free
profile review. Make sure that you watch
each day because that's the only way
that you will find out if you won or
not. But the second winner of today is
16 Parkfield, who has been following me
since September of 2022. So cool. The
more names I read, the more tallies that
I add to this piece of paper, the bigger
this challenge is going to become and
the more impressive it's going to be.
the more people are going to want to
follow along and help me get to that 1
million follower mark. My fourth
strategy for reaching 1 million
followers in 2026 is more collab posts.
Collab posts are one of the best ways to
grow on Instagram and they're also a
great way to bring two communities
together to work with someone else in
your field and it's something that I
have definitely done a lot of in the
past, but I've never been super
intentional about it. And so, one of my
personal goals for my Instagram in 2026
is to do one collab post per week. And
like I said, collab posts are not just a
super effective way to grow, but they're
also a super fun way to grow because you
get to work with another creator. You
get to brainstorm with them. You get to
come up with ideas together. You get to
see how they work. They get to see how
you work. Your minds get to melt and you
get to come together. My favorite person
to do collabs with is marketing Harry.
And I'll tell you why I love doing
collabs with him because when he says,
"Hey Brock, do you want to do a collab?"
He pitches me the idea. Him and his team
create the entire graphic. They might
ask for my input on like what I want on
each slide or like what lessons I want
to teach, but ultimately he does most of
the work and he makes it so so easy for
me. And so if you're someone who like me
wants to do more collabs in 2026, take
most of the work onto yourself when you
are reaching out to the person you're
going to collaborate with, offer to them
that you will do most of the work.
You'll do the heavy lifting. It's kind
of like saying, "Hey, do you want to do
this group project with me? I'll do most
of the work, but we'll share the
credit." Also, in 2026, I plan on doing
more collab posts because I also plan on
doing more interviews here on this
podcast. And so, oftentimes when I post
about the podcast interview, I will
collaborate with the person I
interviewed. Speaking of, I would love
to hear from you in the comments below.
Who do you want to see me interview? Is
there any expert? any business pro, any
marketing person, anyone who's great at
social media, or anyone who just is a
great creator, someone who makes really
awesome content, who you want to see me
interview, pick their brain, and learn
their social media strategy. Anyone at
all, let me know down in the comments
below, and I will take that into
extremely serious consideration for the
guests that I bring on in 2026. And then
my fifth and final strategy that I'm
going to use to reach 1 million
followers in 2026 is what I wrote in my
notes as symbiotic relationship. And I
wrote these notes a few weeks ago and
then I came back to them before
recording today and I was like, what did
I mean by symbiotic symbiotic? Like was
I thinking about something else? Was I
writing a note for myself about some
other thing about some nature
documentary I was watching and it just
happened to be on my podcast notes? No.
By symbiotic relationship I mean you on
YouTube. my YouTube viewers and my
podcast listeners becoming my Instagram
followers. One of the reasons that I saw
a big spike in followers in the second
half of 2026 is not just that I
increased my posting, but also that this
YouTube channel began to really grow and
it began to really take off and there
can be a symbiotic relationship where
YouTube subscribers become Instagram
followers and Instagram followers become
YouTube subscribers. And so, if you're
watching today's episode or you're
listening and you haven't already
followed me on Instagram, I encourage
you to do so. It's kind of like a
bite-sized, fun, interactive version of
what you get on YouTube. It's not just
like pictures of my wife and I out on a
date or pictures of what I had for
lunch. I practice what I preach. And so,
every single day on my Instagram, I'm
sharing helpful tips and strategies and
ideas. And so, a little shameless plug,
if you want to help me reach 1 million
followers, or if you just want some free
advice, strategies, and ideas, consider
following me on Instagram. But with all
that being said, I want to thank you so
much for listening today. I am so fired
up for 2026. I haven't felt this fired
up about my own personal channels, my
business, my YouTube, my Instagram in a
long time, and it feels really good. So,
I want to thank you for making 2025 so
awesome. I want to thank you in advance
for all of the really cool things that
we're going to do together in 2026. I
can't wait to hit 1 million followers. I
hope you helped me get there.